PSA Singapore
PSA Singapore is one of the flagship terminals of PSA International, a leading port group with a global network encompassing 179 locations in 45 countries.

With a total of 55 berths and designed annual capacity of 43.9 million TEUs, we operate the world’s largest container transhipment hub. In 2023, PSA Singapore handled 38.8 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) of containers.

With connections to 600 ports globally, shippers have access to daily sailings to every major port in the world, operating 24/7, all year round.

Beyond port operations, PSA Singapore is expanding its portfolio to offer shippers and cargo owners innovative supply chain solutions to facilitate global trade by enhancing the physical, financial and regulatory flow of cargo.

Where we come from
PSA, formerly known as the Port of Singapore Authority, was a statutory board regulating, operating and promoting the Port of Singapore in the 1960s. (Note: PSA dropped the name of “Port of Singapore Authority” in 1997 when it became a corporatised entity. The company should be referred to as “PSA International” or simply “PSA”.)

In the 1970s, PSA started a container port and handled their first container ship. In the following decades, PSA grew and reached the 5-million TEU mark by 1990, making Singapore the world’s largest container port then.

In 1996, PSA’s regulatory functions were transferred to Singapore’s new maritime regulator, the Maritime and Port Authority of Singapore (MPA). A parliamentary bill was passed on 25 August 1997 to convert the Port of Singapore Authority, a state organisation, into an independent commercial company.

PSA Corporation Limited (simplified Chinese: 新加坡港务集团) was corporatised on 1 October 1997. The company kept the initials “PSA” as its brand name but it is no longer an acronym.

PSA took the first step in becoming a global terminal operator in 1996 when it embarked on its first overseas venture in Dalian, China.

Today, PSA is a world leading ports and terminals group

What we do
Transhipment – the movement of cargo from one vessel to another while in transit to its destination – is PSA Singapore’s core business.

Singapore’s strategic location at the heart of Southeast Asia and the nexus of major shipping routes has made it an important logistic hub and a key node in the global supply chain.

With its unrivalled connectivity, small feeder vessels bring containers to the Port of Singapore for loading onto larger vessels which then carry the shipments to their destination.

The value of transhipment lies in time-saving and cost efficiency. If every vessel makes a single direct voyage to its destination port, the number of journeys will be significantly higher than if transhipped via Singapore
About 85 per cent of the containers that arrive in Singapore are transhipped to another port of call. Shipping lines use PSA for these modes of transhipment:

Our Vision
To be a leading supply chain ecosystem orchestrator powered by innovation, technology and sustainable practices.

Our Mission
To be the port operator of choice in the world’s gateway hubs, renowned for best-in-class services and successful partnerships.

Our Values

Committed to Excellence
We set new standards by continuously improving results and innovating in every aspect of our business.


Dedicated to Customers
We help our external and internal customers succeed by anticipating and meeting their needs.


Focused on People
We win as a team by respecting, nurturing and supporting one another.


Integrated Globally
We build our strength globally by embracing diversity and optimising operations locally.


Responsible Corporate Citizenship
We work sustainably and with the environment in mind, to hand over a better world to future generations.


Numbers at a Glance
Because we move the world one container at a time

40.9M TEUs handled Jan - Dec 2024
33.1M TEUs handled in Jan - Sep 2025
600 ports connectivity
100,000 TEUs handled daily

Who We Are
In Singapore, PSA operates the world’s largest transhipment hub with unrivalled connectivity, facilitating container movements across the world, 24/7 all year round.

Best Container Terminal – Asia (Over 4 Million TEUs) at Asian Freight, Logistics & Supply Chain Awards (AFLAS)
Port Operator Award at Lloyd’s List Asia Awards
Container Terminal Operator Award at Seatrade Maritime Awards Asia
Container Terminal Operator of the Year at Supply Chain Asia Awards

Our Business & Our Services
We collaborate with customers and partners to deliver world-class port operations, container services, supply chain and advance the global logistics industry.

Beyond providing best-in-class port operations and connectivity to shipping lines, PSA Singapore is committed to improving efficiency in the global supply chain and logistics ecosystem. We do so by providing customers with holistic container services and cargo owners with innovative solutions to reduce costs and increase speed.

Container Terminals
PSA Singapore’s 55 berths at the City Terminals, Pasir Panjang Terminals and Tuas Port possess a container handling capacity of 43.9 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs). The terminals operate as one seamless and integrated facility.

PSA’s latest facilities at Pasir Panjang Terminals and Tuas Port can serve the world’s largest container vessels. They are equipped with 18-metre deep water draft, quay cranes with reach across 24 rows of containers and supported by a fully-automated electric yard crane system.

Tuas Port
PSA Singapore container terminals will eventually be consolidated at a single location – Singapore’s western seaboard in Tuas. It is currently the world’s largest fully automated container terminal and will have an annual handling capacity of 65 million TEUs when it’s fully completed in the 2040s.

Automated equipment and integrated operations systems will be deployed to operate this next generation port. The first set of berths at Tuas Port Phase 1 have started operations since 2021.

Beyond handling containers, Tuas Port is envisaged to be a key node of a wider supply chain ecosystem that links future industries and their supply chains physically and digitally.

Proximity and partnerships with synergistic industries will complement the build-up of cargo solutions. Our vision is to form a holistic ecosystem that will bring goods anywhere in the world faster and more reliably.


Multi-Purpose Terminals
Pasir Panjang Automobile Terminal (PPAT), which started operations in January 2009, is PSA’s vehicle transhipment hub and Singapore’s first dedicated car terminal. PPAT has three dedicated berths and is supported by an open car yard and a multi-storey car storage yard, which together provide some 20,000 car park lots.

Sembawang Wharves handles break-bulk and specialised cargo which includes heavy equipment, steelworks, and cables. Sembawang Wharves also offers long and short-term warehousing and open storage facilities.


PSA Jurong Island Terminal
Jurong Island Terminal is located in the western corner of Jurong Island – the centrepiece of Singapore’s energy and chemicals sector. The two berths at the terminal handle two barge sailings a day with a total capacity of 400 TEUs

Joint Ventures
PSA Singapore forges strategic partnerships with shipping lines to deliver productivity and efficient terminal services as they make Singapore their main hub port for container and vehicle transhipment in Southeast Asia.

Reefer Management
In Singapore, PSA has more than 13,000 refrigerated container (“reefer”) points and a suite of complementary reefer services to ensure the quality of temperature-sensitive cargo is not compromised throughout its stay in the port.

We understand your cargo requires a reliable and robust end-to-end cold chain, so we collaborate with shippers, logistics service providers, and shipping lines and other cold chain nodes to tailor solutions for our sustainable outcomes.


Dangerous Goods Handling
PSA Singapore handles more than half a million TEUs of dangerous goods yearly. We have a team of qualified chemists, supported by our Emergency Response Team, to ensure that all dangerous goods are handled safely and meet the regulatory requirements.

Depot Services
PSA Singapore provides a full range of standard depot services at our on-dock depots for empty containers. This takes place within the Free Trade Zone (FTZ) and customised services are available to meet every container’s needs. Customers can leverage on PSA’s position as a transhipment hub to receive or to ship empty containers at short notice within the depot’s working hours. This eliminates bottlenecks and saves time, trucking and other related costs.


Warehousing Services
Keppel Distripark (KD) is a multi-tenanted and modern cargo distribution complex comprising a container freight station, heavy vehicle and chassis parks, warehousing and office facilities.

Located within the Free Trade Zone, KD’s direct link to the container terminals allows swift transition of container between the port and distripark. It is also in close proximity with highways, granting excellent connectivity to the city, airport and major industrial hubs.

The KD CFS managed by PSA also serves as a one-stop station to handle customers’ varied cargo requirements.

PSA Supply Chain (PSA BDP): Connecting trade and empowering networks with innovative supply chain solutions
Whatever your supply chain needs, we deliver it, because we’re made for every part of your journey. Our agility is your competitive advantage, as we connect trade and empower networks, globally and locally. We proudly partner with some of the world's largest multinational companies to deliver innovative and sustainable supply chain solutions.

Learn more about the PSA BDP Experience

We are driven by our purpose and committed to sustainable value creation. To be a responsible corporate citizen, we ensure our foundation is built on responsible corporate practices and commitments. The Code reflects PSA’s business principles and offers guidance on what is expected of PSA employees in dealing with critical issues. As a business, PSA Singapore is committed to reduce carbon footprint, protect the health and safety of our people, safeguard the security of the port, and give back to the community we operate in

Sustainability
In PSA Singapore, sustainability is not an option, but a responsibility to ensure the resiliency of our business, enabling growth without compromising on the environment and needs of the next generation. Our targets to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions are aligned with Singapore’s climate ambitions. 

To date, PSA Singapore has developed decarbonisation efforts across our entire value chain – Scope 1 (direct emission from our equipment), Scope 2 (indirect emissions from power generation) and Scope 3 (all other indirect emissions in our value chain).

The decarbonisation of port operations is the focus of PSA Singapore’s Environment, Social and Corporate Governance (ESG) framework. We have actively reduced our dependence on fossil fuels. Our three-track decarbonisation strategy – low-carbon fuels, renewables and electrification – dovetails with our overall business expansion and sustainability strategies.

Click here for an overview of our ongoing sustainability efforts.

Horizontal Transport
PSA has built the first LNG refuelling kiosk in Singapore and phased in the deployment of LNG prime movers. Though a fossil fuel, LNG has a carbon footprint that is up to 20% lower than diesel. PSA Singapore is also exploring electric and hydrogen-powered prime movers with even lower carbon footprint.

Tapping on Nature for Fuel
PSA Singapore is harnessing solar energy through the installation of solar photovoltaic systems in Pasir Panjang Terminal and Tuas Port. They generate solar electricity and help reduce more than 2,200 tonnes of carbon emissions annually.

Smart Grid Management System
Artificial Intelligence (AI)-powered SGMS operates BESS and other distributed energy resources, such as solar energy harnessed on-site. SGMS improves port operations energy use through intelligent scheduling of BESS by enabling various applications such as energy demand management and provision of grid ancillary services. Energy demand management reduces spikes in demand via intelligent load forecasting capabilities

Battery Energy Storage System
When SGMS foresees a surge in energy demand, BESS discharges to mitigate the surge, reducing volatility in PSA Singapore’s energy load profile. SGMS allows PSA SG to participate in the electricity market and schedule BESS to provide grid stabilisation services. The innovative Battery Management System is also capable of handling mixed chemistries, allowing scaling of BESS to be agnostic across different battery chemistries.

Exploring Hydrogen as Fuel
PSA Singapore embarked on a R&D initiative to utilise extracted hydrogen from Methylcyclohexane for the proof-of-concept of hydrogen fuel cell prime movers. This is PSA’s first step towards exploring hydrogen as a low-carbon energy source.

Green Buildings
PSA Horizons and Tuas F2 Nexus Building (PSA's first super low energy building) are recognised with the BCA Green Mark Award Platinum for their green features and facility design which enable reduction in energy consumption as compared to a standard building.

Being “Alongside” is PSA’s manifesto. Beyond being alongside our customers, we want to be alongside the communities we operate in and make a difference in the lives of as many as we can.

PSA Singapore forges long-term partnerships with like-minded community organisations to make concerted efforts in promoting volunteerism, serving the less-privileged and propagating the sustainability message to our community.

Health@Home (H@H)
Health@Home is PSA’s flagship CSR programme mooted in 2015 to support home-based healthcare and eldercare through corporate volunteerism.

Together with our volunteers and partner beneficiaries, HCA Hospice Care, National University Health System and St Luke’s ElderCare, Stroke Support Station (S3) and Lions Befrienders, we organise activities to support, enrich and bring joy to the lives of senior beneficiaries. 

Through education and skills acquired while volunteering, H@H not only promotes active aging to beneficiaries but our volunteers as well.

600
Volunteers
400
Activities
11,000 Hours
Of Volunteering

Howe Yoon Chong (HYC)
PSA Scholarships
To honour the late Mr Howe Yoon Chong, former Chairman of then Port of Singapore Authority, the HYC endowment fund was launched in 2008 to extend bond-free scholarships to Singaporean students from low-income families.

The HYC PSA Scholarships endeavour to empower youths who have triumphed over extraordinary circumstances to realize their full potential and give back to society in their own ways. For more info about the HYC PSA Scholarships, click here.

Going Beyond
Beyond our signature programmes, PSA supports The Haven and Stroke Support Station (S3) by extending our volunteerism to youth from dysfunctional homes and stroke survivors respectively.

PSA Singapore also sponsor and partner government agencies to reinforce the importance of health screening via Project Silver Screen, inculcate a greener mindset among our stakeholders via ZeroWaste SG’s workshops and support Singapore’s greening efforts via Garden City Fund

We are driven by our purpose and committed to sustainable value creation. To be a responsible corporate citizen, we ensure our foundation is built on responsible corporate practices and commitments. The Code reflects PSA’s business principles and offers guidance on what is expected of PSA employees in dealing with critical issues. As a business, PSA Singapore is committed to reduce carbon footprint, protect the health and safety of our people, safeguard the security of the port, and give back to the community we operate in.

Health & Wellness
As an essential service provider performing 24/7 terminal operations, we are cognizant that the health, safety, and security risk exposure intensifies as port activities increase. Therefore, we place strong emphasis on health and wellness education and promotion – to establish a health and wellness framework while aligning with national health strategies and help the workforce take steps towards better health through preventive care. We also collaborate with relevant government organisations on initiatives to promote healthy physical and mental well-being.

While our people strive to keep global supply chains moving, we want to protect and ensure they come to work and return home to their loved ones, in a safe and healthy manner. 

Safety
To be safe from harm at work is a basic human right that we respect. Therefore, at PSA Singapore, we make the safety our primary responsibility and priority.

Beyond instilling the safety mindset and culture among our people and solution partners, we leverage technology to minimize accidents and achieve safety excellence.

For instance, we implement Video Analytics (VA) and sensors to detect safety infringements and unsafe conditions during lashing and prime mover operations around-the-clock. This increases safety surveillance in areas where the human eyes cannot see or enforce safety procedures.

Security
As a critical infrastructure in the global supply chain, ports are vulnerable to threats such as terrorism and criminal activities. Thus, ensuring port security, both in the physical and cyber realms, is fundamental to business continuity and safety.

PSA Singapore work closely with local authorities to ensure all legislation is complied and baseline security measures are implemented, to prevent illicit trade and undeclared dangerous goods as well as to facilitate fair and secure global trade.

Building resilience against cyberattacks and risks is as important with our increasingly digitalised and interconnected systems and operations. To do so, we adopt a holistic approach of investing in the right technology, disciplined execution of processes and increasing awareness among our people


PSA Singapore Hits Record-Breaking Annual Throughput Of More Than 40 Million TEUs
December 27 2024
On 24 December, PSA Singapore (PSA) reached a significant milestone, handling over 40 million Twenty-foot Equivalent Units (TEUs) in 2024. This new record surpasses PSA’s previous annual high of 38.8 million TEUs set in 2023, highlighting the company’s continued growth and operational excellence.

As the world’s largest transshipment hub, PSA reinforces its position as a vital gateway connecting Singapore’s economy to the global marketplace. This achievement is driven by a steadfast commitment to ensuring resilient, efficient, and sustainable cargo flow. This underlines PSA’s crucial role as a key enabler of global trade and connectivity, as well as a trusted partner to its customers and stakeholders.

Mr Ong Kim Pong, Group CEO, PSA International, said, “This record throughput for PSA’s flagship terminal in Singapore is a remarkable milestone and exemplifies our commitment to keep global trade flowing. Our success is founded on the trust and partnership we share with our management, staff, unions, customers and partners, for which I am profoundly grateful. Building on this positive momentum, we will strive to strengthen the synergies between our port operations and port-adjacent services, connecting our strategic nodes to create a more cohesive and integrated port ecosystem in line with PSA’s Node to Network strategy. We remain dedicated to integrating advanced technology with our operational expertise, while working to reinforce our role as a reliable global port operator and a trusted partner for cargo stakeholders.”

Mr Nelson Quek, Regional CEO Southeast Asia, PSA International, said, “In what has been an eventful year for the industry, this achievement cements PSA Singapore’s position as the world’s transshipment hub of choice. I am deeply thankful to our customers and stakeholders for their trust and support in PSA Singapore as their go-to partner and provider of hub solutions to support the growth and resilience of their networks. I would also like to extend my deepest appreciation to our staff and unions, whose tenacity and teamwork made this accomplishment possible. As the global maritime landscape evolves, PSA will continue to work closely with public and private sector partners to deliver new capacity and capabilities that strengthen Singapore’s standing as a critical node in global trade, and as a leading international maritime hub of choice.”


PSA Celebrates Groundbreaking for its New Supply Chain Hub,  
Pioneering an Integrated Logistics Ecosystem in Singapore 
PSA Singapore (PSA) has unveiled the PSA Supply Chain Hub @ Tuas (PSCH), a central part of 
its strategic expansion within Tuas Port, at its groundbreaking ceremony today. This state-of-the-art 
facility, scheduled to be ready by 2027, is poised to transform the logistics and supply chain 
landscape in Singapore.  
Strategically situated next to Tuas Port within the Free Trade Zone, the PSCH will be seamlessly 
integrated with Singapore’s extensive supply chain ecosystem, offering unparalleled connectivity 
and scale as a Regional Distribution Centre and a Container Freight Station. Its comprehensive suite 
of value-added services and the supply chain synergies it creates will further strengthen Singapore’s 
position as a global logistics and supply chain powerhouse. 
Spanning more than two million square feet, PSCH will be equipped with cutting-edge technologies 
such as advanced robotics and automation systems, including the Automated Storage and Retrieval 
Systems (ASRS) and the Intelligent Warehouse eXchange (iWX) (see Annex A for more details of 
these technologies). These innovations are designed to meet the evolving needs of modern supply 
chains, providing customers with enhanced visibility, streamlined processes and the agility needed 
to adapt to an ever-changing global market.  
The hub also embodies PSA’s steadfast commitment to sustainability, incorporating eco-friendly 
features such as renewable energy sources, sustainable drainage systems and energy-efficient 
designs. These measures are aligned with PSA’s broader goal of achieving net-zero emissions, 
further advancing and supporting Singapore’s smooth transition into a green and sustainable future. 
Mr Peter Voser, Group Chairman of PSA International, said, “The PSA Supply Chain Hub @ Tuas 
(PSCH) is strategically positioned to create exceptional synergy with Tuas Port and it will be 
instrumental in enhancing value capture within the port and supply chain ecosystem. This new hub 
is well-positioned to support not only Singapore’s trade and logistics sector, but also the wider 
Southeast Asia region and beyond. PSCH will be Singapore’s gateway to the world. Along with 
PSA’s expanding suite of port adjacencies solutions, we are making significant progress towards 
realising our vision of building a more connected and sustainable end-to-end supply chain 
ecosystem.”  
Mr Ong Kim Pong, Group CEO of PSA International, said, “Rapidly evolving global trade patterns 
require us to rethink our business strategy and model. While we continue to secure our positions in 
key locations, we also need to connect our strategic nodes to form a cohesive and integrated 
network, in alignment with our Node to Network strategy. With the PSA Supply Chain Hub @ Tuas 
on board, our collective strength and synergy will enable PSA to harness the full potential of our 
combined port and wider logistics network to deliver unmatched efficiency and reliability in service ------------------------------------------------ 
routes and networks. PSA will continue to expand our fabric of port networks and supply chain 
services in a sustainable way, adding value and enhancing cargo flows. Our deepest appreciation 
goes out to our unions, stakeholders and partners, whose unwavering support has been instrumental 
in making this vision a reality.” 
The development of the PSCH builds upon PSA’s extensive experience in port adjacencies 
ecosystem, including the management of PSA Keppel Distripark - a multi-tenanted cargo distribution 
complex specialising in the consolidation and deconsolidation of Less than Container Load cargo. 
Together with the city terminals at Tanjong Pagar, Keppel and Brani, operations at Keppel Distripark 
will also be consolidated at Tuas Port by 2027. 
ENDS 
About PSA Singapore (PSA) 
ISSUED BY PSA SINGAPORE 
PSA Singapore operates the world’s largest container transhipment hub in Singapore, handling 38.8 
million TEUs of containers in 2023. With connections to 600 ports globally, shippers have access to 
daily sailings to every major port in the world, operating 24/7 all year round. Beyond port operations, 
PSA also offers port adjacency services, our unique differentiator in mid-mile logistics, to meet our 
customers’ dynamic needs. This value adding service, supported by our bespoke port adjacency 
digital solutions, will provide shared visibility of the end-to-end supply chain. As the partner of choice 
in the port and supply chain operations, PSA is “The World’s Port of Call”. Visit us at 
www.singaporepsa.com or follow us on LinkedIn and Facebook (@singaporepsa).  
*Note to Editors: PSA ceased using the name of “Port of Singapore Authority” in 1997 when it 
became a corporatised entity. The company should be referred to as “PSA Corporation Ltd”, “PSA 
Singapore” or simply “PSA”.


Annex A: Fact Sheet on PSA Supply Chain Hub @ Tuas  
1. Cold Room  
The state-of-the-art Cold Room is designed with advanced temperature control systems, providing 
an ideal condition for a wide range of temperature-sensitive cargoes, including food products and 
pharmaceuticals, ensuring quality and integrity of cold chain. 
2. Automated Storage and Retrieval System (ASRS) 
The ASRS system boasts a size of over 100,000 square feet in footprint and 40 meters in height. It 
efficiently manages the vertical and horizontal transport of pallets between storage and dispatch 
zones.  
Operating 24/7, the ASRS ensures seamless movement of goods with high throughputs and 
accuracy, increases handling efficiency within supply chain flow and ensures maximum productivity 
while maintaining a minimal environmental footprint. 
3. Container Freight Station (CFS) Warehouse 
The CFS warehouse is designed to streamline multi-country consolidation and deconsolidation, 
enabling fast cargo handling and efficient containerisation.  
With dedicated areas for container and lorry operations, advanced traffic management systems, 
support for a wide range of cargo types and real-time tracking, the PSCH will boast smoother 
workflows that optimise cargo movement, ensuring accuracy and improved coordination between 
shipments. 
4. Regional Distribution Centre (RDC) Operations 
The RDC warehouse is designed to meet the demands of modern distribution networks, capable of 
handling high-volume throughput and optimising space utilisation.  
Equipped with automated sorting systems, real-time inventory tracking and robotic picking solutions, 
the RDC will offer rapid order fulfilment and efficient inventory management. These technologies 
seamlessly integrate with supply chain operations by minimising lead times, ensuring that goods are 
moved swiftly from freight to storage to last mile, while maintaining high service levels and ensuring 
rapid distribution to regional markets. 
5. Dangerous Goods (DG) Warehouse Operations 
Our DG warehouse is meticulously designed to safely and efficiently handle hazardous cargoes 
while maintaining high operational standards and safeguarding both people and property. Adhering 
to strict regulatory standards, the facility is equipped with specialised storage areas and containment 
systems to manage various types of dangerous goods, including flammable, corrosive and toxic 
substances.  
Efficient handling and storage of dangerous goods are facilitated by dedicated zones and 
segregation protocols, which prevent cross-contamination and minimise risks. The warehouse 
features advanced safety systems, including automated fire suppression, leak detection and 
ventilation controls, ensuring a secure environment for both staff and stored goods. 
3 of 4 
6. PSA Intelligent Warehouse Exchange (iWX) 
From port to warehouses and depots, PSA has been facilitating real time data and information 
exchange in the various nodes with our very own suite of intelligent port and logistics ecosystem 
digital products. In the warehouse node, the PSA iWX provides a one-stop data exchange platform 
for critical port and warehouse information, through the integration of essential data points such as 
Warehouse Management System (WMS) solutions, IoT sensors and video cameras.  
The iWX improves warehouse operations by providing real-time insights into warehouse traffic status 
and asset utilisation, greatly improving productivity.

100 million TEUs milestone achieved for the first time

PSA International Pte Ltd (PSA) has achieved a new annual container handling record of 100.2 million Twenty-foot Equivalent Units (TEUs) across its global port terminals for the year ended 31 December 2024.

This Group achievement includes a historic milestone as PSA surpassed 100 million TEUs handled in a single year for the first time.

PSA’s flagship terminal in Singapore reported a record throughput of 40.9 million TEUs (+5.5%), while PSA terminals outside Singapore contributed 59.2 million TEUs (+5.7%). Overall, Group volumes increased by 5.6%, compared to the year before.

The Board of Directors of PSA International extends its thanks and appreciation to the management, unions and staff for their unwavering commitment to excellence, as well as to partners and customers for their continued support and confidence in PSA.

Mr Peter Voser, Group Chairman of PSA, said, “2024 has been a year of measured recovery for the global economy, shaped by ongoing geopolitical conflicts, trade tensions, national elections, fiscal pressures and fluctuating interest rates. Despite the challenges, we are proud to have achieved this important throughput milestone for the Group. Looking ahead, we anticipate further economic uncertainty. However, with the dedication of our team and the steadfast support of our customers, partners and associates, we are confident in our ability to navigate the headwinds that may come our way. Across PSA’s diverse portfolio of ports, supply chain solutions, marine, and digital businesses, we remain committed to working closely with our stakeholders to enhance the resilience and sustainability of global trade.”

Mr Ong Kim Pong, Group CEO of PSA, said, “PSA’s resilience, innovation, and teamwork have enabled us to achieve this extraordinary milestone of handling 100 million TEUs of containers in a single year. This achievement is built on the foundational efforts of our pioneer generations, who paved the way for our current team to further develop our container handling business. I would like to express my deepest gratitude to our management, unions and staff who consistently go above and beyond; and to our shipping line partners, global customers, and the local communities we serve for their trust and collaboration. We will continue to face the challenges ahead with Pride and Purpose as we advance PSA’s Node to Network strategy, strengthening our presence in critical markets and enhancing connectivity. By fostering closer collaborations and offering dynamic, innovative solutions, we aim to empower our supply chain stakeholders to navigate the complexities of today’s rapidly evolving economic landscape.”

